== Installation For OSX

=== Preliminaries

First you must install gcc. You can get it for free here:
link:https://github.com/downloads/kennethreitz/osx-gcc-installer/GCC-10.7-v2.pkg.

Next, install MySQL server link:http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql (I recommend choosing the dmg).

=== RVM And Bundler


Now you need to install rvm link:https://rvm.io. This can be
done by copy and pasting the following command into your terminal:

<tt>\curl -L https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --ruby</tt>

Hopefully, the installation was successful. If it wasn't, I recommend the "google the 
error message" strategy. You must now put the line 

<tt>source /Users/lornajohnston/.rvm/scripts/rvm</tt>

at the end of the (hidden) file <tt>~/.bashrc</tt>. Open a new terminal and check that you are using a new
version of ruby by running

<tt>ruby --version</tt>

You should see 1.9.3 in the output somewhere. If you see 1.8.7 or similar, something went
wrong and I will again punt to the troubleshooting strategy outlined above.

Now we will install bundler. This can be done by running

<tt>gem install bundler</tt>

=== Geting Rails Up And Running

Go into the mooculus repo and run

<tt>bundle install</tt>

After doing this, we need some preliminary steps:

<tt>cp config/database.yml.template config/database.yml</tt>

<tt>bundle exec rake db:migrate</tt>

<tt>bundle exec rake exercise:all</tt>

Then, check that everything works with

<tt>bundle exec rails server</tt>

and navigate to <tt>localhost:3000</tt> in your browser!

=== Upkeep

If you add more exercises, for them to be loaded, you must run

<tt>bundle exec exercise:all</tt>
